## Meeting 5

##### Location: 
PNR Building

##### Date: 
24/05/2023
##### Time: 
9am to 1pm

#### Attendees: 
Quinn, Will, Ruchir, Hiroshi

#### Absenses:
Richard

### REPORTS:
   -  "In principle" (base functionality) for the parts were working, however some unknown bugs kept occuring
   -  It was found that the PTU was faulty 
   
### AGENDA:
   - Finish off documentation for respective challenges
   - Further modularise code, so that the code interface is easily understood by other members of the group and by tutors when presenting
   - Record meeting minutes
   - Commit code to github 

### TASK ALLOCATIONS
   - Collective responsibility for the integration task, but in general members have a focus on code where their own modules are used
   
### CONTRIBUTIONS: 
   -  We began work on the integration task, including the merging of code from different projects
   -  Most of the functionality (e.g LEDs, transmitting, receiving, calculations) works at least once, but we are trying to get it to work multiple times (e.g transmitting multiple times)
   -  The merging of the code caused various integration issues (such as multiple or conflicting definitions); for the most part, these were resolved
   
### NEXT MEETING TIME AND LOCATION
  - Presentation tomorrow 9am (25/05)
   
