## Meeting 6

##### Location:
PNR Building

##### Date:
24/05/23

##### Time:
4pm till late

#### Attendees:
Hiroshi, Richard, Ruchir, Will, Quinn

### REPORTS
- A last minute meeting was called to run through the presentation for tomorrow and finalise the documentation plus meeting minutes
- All the code was uploaded into separate files into github
- Ruchir completed the pressure plate code + challenge and is now ready for integration
- 'Base functionality' for the whole project include integration was now complete.
- A few bugs and edge cases with integration were yet to be tested and checked.

### AGENDA:
+ Push final code onto github and clean directories
+ Push final changes of documentation into the readme
+ Upload any circuit diagrams or flowcharts into the readme
+ Integrate the pressure plate challenge
+ Final run through of the demonstration

### TASK ALLOCATIONS
- Hiroshi was allocated to transferring all the meeting minutes from textfiles to markdown files
- Will was tasked with helping Ruchir integrate the task into the GUI
- Everyone to write their respective parts for the readme

### CONTRIBUTIONS:
- We added the finishing touches on the integration task, 
- Integration works well however undesired behaviour occurs for the lidar readings (challenge 1) when the connection between the wires are loose.



### NEXT MEETING TIME AND LOCATION
Demonstration day is tomorrow :)
