## Meeting 4

##### Location: 
Mechatronics Lab

##### Date: 
18/05/2023
##### Time: 
9am to 12pm

#### Attendees: 
Hiroshi, Richard, Will, Quinn and Ruchir

### REPORTS:
   -  "In principle" (base functionality) for the following challenges (Lidar, TSC, Combination lock) were all working and is now ready for integration with the GUI
   -  
   
### AGENDA:
   - Begin work on the integration task
   - Record meeting minutes
   - Commit code to github 
   - Decide what the challenge for the ADC m

### TASK ALLOCATIONS
   - Collective responsibility for the integration task, but in general members have a focus on code where their own modules are used
   - Ruchir to 
   
### CONTRIBUTIONS: 
   -  We began work on the integration task, including the merging of code from different projects with 3 of the 4 initial tasks fully integrated with the GUI.
   -  
   
### NEXT MEETING TIME AND LOCATION
   - Date and time to be confirmed but meeting to be held next week before demonstration
